Change unload NPC behavior to kill mobs that were spawned by unloaded NPC (non-permanent monster spawns) [Issue #2530] (#2590)
HerculesWS/Hercules: doc/script_commands.txt

to the char server later. Note that all those events will be executed upon
scripts reloading.

OnNPCUnload:

OnNPCUnload will be execute when a NPC is unloaded.

> For example if @reloadscript or @reloadnpc is used.

Reviewer: Maybe include all commands?
```suggestion
OnNPCUnload is called when @reloadscript, @reloadnpc, @unloadnpc or @unloadnpcfile is used
```

Author: Yeah, this probably would prevent some questiosn. I'll change that.
